# *Portfolio*
## **1. Trajectory planning**(Python)
Trajectory planning and delivery is one of the most common problems in logistics, going from point A to point B using the fastest route is a classical problem in Computer Science for which multiple algorithms have been developed, in this project a methaeuristic algorithm is proposed, creating a visualization tool using PyGame, the vertex generated by the trajectory are used for generating Voronoi Cells.  Each of the voronoi cells represent an area that needs to be covered by one of the delivery vehicles. 
## **2. Methane Reduction**(Python) 
Methane is the second most polluting greenhouse gas produced by human activity representing 10.2% of the greenhouse gas emissions in the U.S. for the year 2017. Being  
In a study by Roque (2021), shows how the introduction of the algae *asparagopsis taxiformis* can decrease methane emissions due to fermentation in 75% with a medium forrage diet. 
This project proposes and equation that represent the diets given to cows, and the implementation of the Simplex Method to find the optimal values for the parameters of the diet, for minimizing methane production. 
The equation proposed: 
$$\frac{7.15h + 7338c + 1.5g + 55u + 17.2p + 26.3f + 0.88a + 0.42r + 307k + 0.15i}{52}$$
Where: 
$$h:$$ is the hydrogen produced.
$$c:$$ is the CO_2 produced.  
$$g:$$ is the kilograms gained. 
$$u:$$ is the percentage of humid pasture in the diet.
$$p:$$ the percetange of protein. 
$$f:$$ the percentage of fat. 
$$a:$$ the percentage of ash. 
$$r:$$ the percentage of carbohydrates. 
$$k:$$ the amount of calories. 
$$i:$$ the percetange of idione.
With the following restrictions: 

 








## **3. Graph Neural Cellular Automata**(Pytorch)

## **4. Deep Diffussion Models**(Pytorch)
The following work proposes modification to the usual operations 
ToDO: 
Train fully and extract weights,  
## **5. Drug interaction modelling**(Python)
This project proposes a techniche for modelling drug interaction based on directed graph and spectral clustering analysis
ToDO: 
- Still lacks web deployment 
- Easy query extraction based on other drug
## **6. Unity simulation**(C#)

## **7. Detection of Corn plague OpenCV**(C++)

## **8. Reinforcement learning games**(JavaScript)


## **9. Stastical analysis and regression**(R) 
This work analyses data 
